Abraham again took a wife and her name
Abraham again took a wife and her name was Quechua and she bore him
was Quechua and she bore him
was Quechua and she bore him Simran jokshan Medan Midian ish back and
Simran jokshan Medan Midian ish back and
Simran jokshan Medan Midian ish back and schewe Chuck sham begat sheba and dedan
schewe Chuck sham begat sheba and dedan
schewe Chuck sham begat sheba and dedan and the sons of didn't were asharam left
and the sons of didn't were asharam left
and the sons of didn't were asharam left Shushan and li Armand and the sons of
Shushan and li Armand and the sons of
Shushan and li Armand and the sons of Midian were Eva efer hey nak abide er
Midian were Eva efer hey nak abide er
Midian were Eva efer hey nak abide er and L Dale all these were the children
and L Dale all these were the children
and L Dale all these were the children of keturah and Abraham gave all that he
of keturah and Abraham gave all that he
of keturah and Abraham gave all that he had to Isaac
had to Isaac
had to Isaac but Abraham gave gifts to the sons of
but Abraham gave gifts to the sons of
but Abraham gave gifts to the sons of the concubines which Abraham had and
the concubines which Abraham had and
the concubines which Abraham had and while he was still living he sent them
while he was still living he sent them
while he was still living he sent them Eastwood away from Isaac his son to the
Eastwood away from Isaac his son to the
Eastwood away from Isaac his son to the country of the east
country of the east
country of the east this is the sum of the years of
this is the sum of the years of
this is the sum of the years of Abraham's life which he lived 175 years
Abraham's life which he lived 175 years
Abraham's life which he lived 175 years then Abraham breathed his last and died
then Abraham breathed his last and died
then Abraham breathed his last and died in a good old age an old man and full of
in a good old age an old man and full of
in a good old age an old man and full of years and was gathered to his people and
years and was gathered to his people and
years and was gathered to his people and his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in
his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in
his sons Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the Cave of Machpelah which is before
the Cave of Machpelah which is before
the Cave of Machpelah which is before Mamre in the field of Ephron the son of
Mamre in the field of Ephron the son of
Mamre in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the he attacked the field which
Zohar the he attacked the field which
Zohar the he attacked the field which Abraham purchased from the sons of Heth
Abraham purchased from the sons of Heth
Abraham purchased from the sons of Heth there Abraham was buried and Sarah his
there Abraham was buried and Sarah his
there Abraham was buried and Sarah his wife and it came to pass after the death
wife and it came to pass after the death
wife and it came to pass after the death of Abraham that God blessed his son
of Abraham that God blessed his son
of Abraham that God blessed his son isaac and isaac dwelt at beer-lahai-roi
now this is the genealogy of Ishmael
now this is the genealogy of Ishmael Abraham's son whom Hagar the Egyptian
Abraham's son whom Hagar the Egyptian
Abraham's son whom Hagar the Egyptian Sarah's maidservant for to Abraham and
Sarah's maidservant for to Abraham and
Sarah's maidservant for to Abraham and these were the names of the sons of
these were the names of the sons of
these were the names of the sons of Ishmael by their names according to
Ishmael by their names according to
Ishmael by their names according to their generations the firstborn of
their generations the firstborn of
their generations the firstborn of Ishmael nebajoth then kita at BIA milsim
Ishmael nebajoth then kita at BIA milsim
Ishmael nebajoth then kita at BIA milsim Bhishma Duma masa Haider Timur
Bhishma Duma masa Haider Timur
Bhishma Duma masa Haider Timur cheetor nefesh and Kadima these were the
cheetor nefesh and Kadima these were the
cheetor nefesh and Kadima these were the sons of Ishmael and these were their
sons of Ishmael and these were their
sons of Ishmael and these were their names by their towns and their
names by their towns and their
names by their towns and their settlements twelve princes according to
settlements twelve princes according to
settlements twelve princes according to their Nations
their Nations
their Nations these were the years of the life of
these were the years of the life of
these were the years of the life of Ishmael 137 years and he breathed his
Ishmael 137 years and he breathed his
Ishmael 137 years and he breathed his last and died and was gathered to his
last and died and was gathered to his
last and died and was gathered to his people they dwelt from Havilah as far as
people they dwelt from Havilah as far as
people they dwelt from Havilah as far as sure which is east of Egypt as you go
sure which is east of Egypt as you go
sure which is east of Egypt as you go toward Assyria he died in the presence
toward Assyria he died in the presence
toward Assyria he died in the presence of all his brethren this is the
of all his brethren this is the
of all his brethren this is the genealogy of Isaac Abraham's son Abraham
genealogy of Isaac Abraham's son Abraham
genealogy of Isaac Abraham's son Abraham begat Isaac Isaac was 40 years old when
begat Isaac Isaac was 40 years old when
begat Isaac Isaac was 40 years old when he took Rebekah as wife the daughter of
he took Rebekah as wife the daughter of
he took Rebekah as wife the daughter of Bethuel the Syrian of Paden era the
Bethuel the Syrian of Paden era the
Bethuel the Syrian of Paden era the sister of Laban the Syrian now Isaac
sister of Laban the Syrian now Isaac
sister of Laban the Syrian now Isaac pleaded with the Lord for his wife
pleaded with the Lord for his wife
pleaded with the Lord for his wife because she was barren
because she was barren
because she was barren and the Lord granted his plea and
and the Lord granted his plea and
and the Lord granted his plea and Rebecca his wife conceived
Rebecca his wife conceived
Rebecca his wife conceived but the children struggled together
but the children struggled together
but the children struggled together within her and she said if all is well
within her and she said if all is well
within her and she said if all is well why am I like this so she went to
why am I like this so she went to
why am I like this so she went to inquired of the Lord and the Lord said
inquired of the Lord and the Lord said
inquired of the Lord and the Lord said to her two nations are in your womb two
to her two nations are in your womb two
to her two nations are in your womb two peoples shall be separated from your
peoples shall be separated from your
peoples shall be separated from your body one people shall be stronger than
body one people shall be stronger than
body one people shall be stronger than the other and the older shall serve the
the other and the older shall serve the
the other and the older shall serve the younger so when her days were fulfilled
younger so when her days were fulfilled
younger so when her days were fulfilled for her to give birth indeed there were
for her to give birth indeed there were
for her to give birth indeed there were twins in her womb and the first came out
twins in her womb and the first came out
twins in her womb and the first came out red he was like a hairy garment all over
red he was like a hairy garment all over
red he was like a hairy garment all over so they called his name Esau afterward
so they called his name Esau afterward
so they called his name Esau afterward his brother came out and his hand took
his brother came out and his hand took
his brother came out and his hand took hold of Esau's heel so his name was
hold of Esau's heel so his name was
hold of Esau's heel so his name was called jacob isaac was 60 years old when
called jacob isaac was 60 years old when
called jacob isaac was 60 years old when she bore them so the boys grew and esau
she bore them so the boys grew and esau
she bore them so the boys grew and esau was a skillful hunter a man of the field
was a skillful hunter a man of the field
was a skillful hunter a man of the field but Jacob was a mild man dwelling in
but Jacob was a mild man dwelling in
but Jacob was a mild man dwelling in tents and Isaac loved Esau because he
tents and Isaac loved Esau because he
tents and Isaac loved Esau because he ate of his game but Rebekah loved Jacob
ate of his game but Rebekah loved Jacob
ate of his game but Rebekah loved Jacob now Jacob cooked a stew and Esau came in
now Jacob cooked a stew and Esau came in
now Jacob cooked a stew and Esau came in from the field and he was weary and Esau
from the field and he was weary and Esau
from the field and he was weary and Esau said to Jacob please feed me with that
said to Jacob please feed me with that
said to Jacob please feed me with that same red stew for I am weary therefore
same red stew for I am weary therefore
same red stew for I am weary therefore his name was called Edom but Jacob said
his name was called Edom but Jacob said
his name was called Edom but Jacob said sell me your birthright as of this day
sell me your birthright as of this day
sell me your birthright as of this day look I'm about to die so what is this
look I'm about to die so what is this
look I'm about to die so what is this birthright to me swear to me as of this
birthright to me swear to me as of this
birthright to me swear to me as of this day so he swore to him
day so he swore to him
day so he swore to him and sold his birthright to jacob and
and sold his birthright to jacob and
and sold his birthright to jacob and jacob gave esau bread and stew of
jacob gave esau bread and stew of
jacob gave esau bread and stew of lentils then he ate and drank a rose and
lentils then he ate and drank a rose and
lentils then he ate and drank a rose and went his way
went his way
went his way Rus Esau despised his birthright